README.md, before:

# Pinokio Manager

A modern, cross-platform desktop application for managing Pinokio installations, built with Electron.

[![Pinokio Manager Demo](https://img.youtube.com/vi/33R4o87nSRk/maxresdefault.jpg)](https://youtu.be/33R4o87nSRk)

## Features

- 🚀 Quick launch and update Pinokio
- 📊 System resource monitoring
- 💾 Storage usage analysis
- 🔄 Version management
- 🖥️ System information display
- 🔍 Peer directory checker
- 🌓 Dark/Light theme support

## Installation

1. Download the latest release from the [Releases](https://github.com/Deathdadev/Pinokio-manager/releases) page
2. Run the installer for your platform
3. Launch Pinokio Manager

## Development

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v14 or higher)
- npm or yarn

### Setup

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/Deathdadev/Pinokio-manager.git

# Navigate to project directory
cd Pinokio-manager

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start the application
npm start
```

### Building

```bash
# Build for your current platform
npm run build
```

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some amazing feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## License

This project is licensed under the BSD 3-Clause License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Acknowledgments

- Made for [Pinokio](https://pinokio.computer/)
- Peers Checker inspired by [hazlema/peers-checker](https://github.com/hazlema/peers-checker)
- Built with [Electron](https://www.electronjs.org/)
- Uses [systeminformation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/systeminformation) for system metrics
- Markdown rendering by [marked](https://www.npmjs.com/package/marked)

Commit message:

Enhance README with demo video, features checklist, and project disclaimer
- Added a demo section with a YouTube link for visual reference.
- Included a features checklist outlining current and planned functionalities.
- Introduced a disclaimer regarding the community-driven nature of the project and potential archiving.

README.md, after:

# Pinokio Manager

A modern, cross-platform desktop application for managing Pinokio installations, built with Electron.

## Demo

[![Pinokio Manager Demo](https://img.youtube.com/vi/33R4o87nSRk/maxresdefault.jpg)](https://youtu.be/33R4o87nSRk)

## Features

- 🚀 Quick launch and update Pinokio
- 📊 System resource monitoring
- 💾 Storage usage analysis
- 🔄 Version management
- 🖥️ System information display
- 🔍 Peer directory checker
- 🌓 Dark/Light theme support

## Features Checklist

Current:
- [x] Windows Support
- [x] System Resource Monitoring
- [x] Storage Analysis
- [x] Version Management
- [x] Dark/Light Theme
- [x] Peer Directory Checking

Planned:
- [ ] Linux Support
- [ ] MacOS Support
- [ ] Auto-Update Feature
- [ ] Multiple Instance Management
- [ ] Backup and Restore
- [ ] Custom Theme Support
- [ ] Plugin System
- [ ] Remote Management

## Disclaimer

This project is a community-driven effort to enhance the Pinokio experience. Please note that this project may be archived if and when the official Pinokio repository implements similar features. We recommend checking the official [Pinokio repository](https://github.com/cocktailpeanut/pinokio) for updates and features that might make this manager redundant.

## Installation

1. Download the latest release from the [Releases](https://github.com/Deathdadev/Pinokio-manager/releases) page
2. Run the installer for your platform
3. Launch Pinokio Manager

## Development

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v14 or higher)
- npm or yarn

### Setup

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/Deathdadev/Pinokio-manager.git

# Navigate to project directory
cd Pinokio-manager

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start the application
npm start
```

### Building

```bash
# Build for your current platform
npm run build
```

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some amazing feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## License

This project is licensed under the BSD 3-Clause License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Acknowledgments

- Made for [Pinokio](https://pinokio.computer/)
- Peers Checker inspired by [hazlema/peers-checker](https://github.com/hazlema/peers-checker)
- Built with [Electron](https://www.electronjs.org/)
- Uses [systeminformation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/systeminformation) for system metrics
- Markdown rendering by [marked](https://www.npmjs.com/package/marked)
